[DIDGERIDOO MUSIC]
>> Come into a nice upright
seated posture and close
your eyes.
We're going to turn your
palms to face up, and then
bring the tips of
your index finger
and thumbs together into
what is known as Chin Mudra.
Palms up in receptivity.
This meditation is to
fill your inner body
with healing light and energy.
We're going to learn the
Dhanvantari Gayatri mantra.
So as I go through this
mantra word by word,
we're going to show it right
here up on your screen.
And so you can follow
that and read it.
It's really nice to follow
it with your eyes closed,
so you can learn it by ear.
But if you need to,
you can look at it.
And I'm going to take you
through it word by word.
And we'll do that
together twice,
breaking it down each word.
And I'll leave a pause
for you to repeat it back.
After that, we'll do it
together seven more times.
And then from there, we'll move
into a guided still meditation.
Let's take a breath together.
Inhale through your nose.
We're going to
chant Aum together.
Breath in--
(CHANTING) Aum.
Repeating after me,
word by word, (CHANTING)
Vasudevaya, Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya, Dheemahi, Tanno,
Dhanvantari, Prachodayat.
One more time, word by word.
(CHANTING) Vasudevaya, Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya, Dheemahi, Tanno,
Dhanvantari, Prachodayat.
All together now-- (CHANTING)
Vasudevaya Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya Dheemahi--
Tanno Dhanvantari Prachodayat.
Vasudevaya Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya Dheemahi.
Tanno Dhanvantari Prachodayat.
Vasudevaya Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya Dheemahi,
Tanno Dhanvantari Prachodayat.
Vasudevaya Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya Dheemahi.
Tanno Dhanvantari Prachodayat.
(CHANTING) Vasudevaya Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya Dheemahi,
Tanno Dhanvantari Prachodayat.
Vasudevaya Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya Dheemahi.
Tanno Dhanvantari Prachodayat.
Vasudevaya Vidmahe,
Vaidyarajaya Dheemahi,
Tanno Dhanvantari Prachodayat.
Take a breath in, we'll
chant Aum together.
(CHANTING) Aum.
And then slowly, coming
into a calm, smooth breath.
And I want you to
bring your attention
to the center of your
chest, visualizing
a vibrant, golden light, a
radiant sphere of golden light
at the center of your chest.
Breathe into that space.
And as you breathe into it,
notice it getting brighter.
And as you exhale,
allow this golden light
to wash throughout
the entire body,
feeling the healing energy,
inhaling into the chest.
A vibrant orb of golden light,
building and gathering energy.
And as you exhale,
watch it disperse
from the center of your
chest out to all peripheries
of the body.
And we'll just continue
with this healing breath
in stillness on your own.
Take a slow breath
in through your nose.
Bring your hands together,
gently rub the palms together.
Let's get a little
bit of warmth.
And before you open
your eyes, we just
want you to bring your
palms to your forehead
and wipe them over the back
of the head, down the back
of your neck.
Bring your left hand
to your right shoulder
and swipe down the arm, opposite
hand to the opposite shoulder,
and swipe down the arm.
And then take your two hands
to the front of your chest
and pull down the front of your
body all the way to the hips.
And then run your hands
down along the tops
of the thighs to those
beautiful feet of yours.
And then bringing the
hands back to the chest,
bowing the chin down
and towards the heart.
Opening your eyes halfway into
your palms, a nice, gentle
smile across your face.
And now, this
meditation is complete.
[DIDGERIDOO MUSIC]